Question 5
What is the Jupyter Notebook? 


A computer programming language used to communicate with a database



A file containing a chronologically ordered list of modifications made to a project



A web-based computing platform for running code in real time



A range of values that conveys how likely it is that a statistical estimate reflects the population


1 point
6.
Question 6
A data professional wants to strengthen their communication skills. They study methods for simplifying highly technical information and telling compelling data stories. They also practice using Tableau to design compelling charts and graphs. Which of the following communication practices does this scenario describe? Select all that apply.


Enriching data insights with visual elements



Creating a statistical model with code



Explaining data using a graphical interface



Sharing complex data


1 point
7.
Question 7
Fill in the blank:  ______ is a way of distributing computational tasks over a bunch of nearby processors that is good for speed and resilience and does not depend on a single source of computational power.


Artificial intelligence



Virtual reality 



Quantum computing 



Edge computing 


1 point
8.
Question 8
Which of the following skills will you develop over the course of the Google Advanced Data Analytics certificate program? Select all that apply.


Using statistics to draw insights, inferences, and conclusions from your data



Developing visualizations with Tableau



Using Python for data analytics



Performing regression modeling and hypothesis testing


1 point
9.
Question 9
Which of the following habits can help you complete this certificate program? Select all that apply.


Taking notes



Spending an entire day completing everything as quickly as you can, and then taking a break for a month or two. 



Reviewing exemplars



Planning your time


1 point
10.
Question 10
When companies evaluate candidates for data analytics roles, the only things they care about are your coding skills and mathematical competency. 

